Mr. Su's father is drunk
My husband urged me to go home again
I really have no way to come to you.
Is it convenient for you to pick him up?
Send me the address.
Okay, I'll send it to you right now.
sister
Give me the wine.
Revive you and see what you are like now
elder sister
Father tortured himself like this for a woman
Is it worth it?
elder sister
I really, I really, really like him.
Can't let him go
Revival listens to my sister
Shall we go home together?
I made it up to myself
Sunan
I said don't come to see me if the plan is not changed
Vice Wan, the person in charge of Chief Su's deputy teacher, is here
Ask to meet with you
What is he doing here?
Demonstration is coming